Miami is a major transportation center
and is easily reached by all forms of
travel the Latin American influence has
given Miami a unique flavor in the 70s
when I first came down here everybody
was smuggling product
the Colombians realized they had a
goldmine here everybody that before was
doing these hot things was now into
doing cocaine the Colombians threw a
number at us three thousand dollars a
kilo
their first trip we got paid 1.2 million
dollars popularity it began to shoot up
I had never seen so much cocaine in my
entire life I had the lawyers I had a
doctorate somebody that could afford
what it costs about 800 an ounce I had
met a stewardess and she would go from
here to San Francisco selling for the
Oakland Raiders the Grateful Dead I got
the whole front line and the Pittsburgh
Steelers in my house it was everywhere
plum restaurant it was just everywhere
they made far more money to Colombians
in a far shorter time in the Mafia every
dream the Federal Reserve Bank in Miami
iterated a surplus of 5 billion dollars
more money than all of the other Federal
Reserve combined
[Music]
cocaine deaths in Dade County have now
jumped to about two a week shotguns
soozee handguns it was the beginning of
a war so the blackened was the got more
than optical Kendrick won mean ladies
and I starts to cut people up in little
pieces put them in a small box with a
little bow on top that's the way I do my
thing you have five people killed here
three people killed here mass murder
Miami was the most dangerous place on
earth the cocaine Cowboys cocaine
Cowboys this is why Miami is for you